Prepare release 1.3.0 (#455)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/changes_1.3.0.md

# 1.3.0 - 2025-06-02

## Summary

> With #441, please ensure that the location of the `version.py` is given for `Config.version_file`,
> which is specified in the `noxconfig.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of the PTB updates nox task `version:check`, see #441. This requires file `noxconfig.py` of each project to specify the path to `version.py` in `Config.version_file`.
```

> With #449, it's possible to customize what arguments are being using with `pyupgrade`
> via the `noxconfig.Config`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this version of the PTB you can customize the arguments for `pyupgrade` in file `noxconfig.py`, see ticket #449  for details:
```

```python
pyupgrade_args = ("--py310-plus",)

> ```

Reviewer: I assume, updating / upgrading dependencies can be hairy in some cases. This might have motivated allowing to customize the options. 

Would it make sense to add a section to the user guide?
In the first run, the section in the user guide it could be rather generic, maybe mentioning option `--py310-plus` and describe a potential reason when adding this option might be required. 
But later on, we could maybe use this section to add more scenarios and examples about how to upgrade?

Author: As discussed, a few things are missing :cry: , so I'd rather tackle it in a dedicated documentation task:
https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/456
